We have a client who has a website where people write different reviews for technical products. 
Now they are adding a new feature to their website i.e. The reviewer will have to add stars(rating) 
as well with the review. The rating is out 5 stars and it only has 5 options available 1 star, 2 stars, 
3 stars, 4 stars, 5 stars. Now they want to predict ratings for the reviews which were written in the 
past and they don’t have a rating. So, we have to build an application which can predict the rating 
by seeing the review.


Data Collection Phase 
You have to scrape at least 20000 rows of data. You can scrape more data as well, it’s up to you. 
more the data better the model
In this section you need to scrape the reviews of different laptops, Phones, Headphones, smart 
watches, Professional Cameras, Printers, Monitors, Home theater, Router from different ecommerce websites.
Basically, we need these columns1) reviews of the product.
2) rating of the product.
You can fetch other data as well, if you think data can be useful or can help in the project. It 
completely depends on your imagination or assumption.
Hint:
• Try to fetch data from different websites. If data is from different websites, it will help our 
model to remove the effect of over fitting.
• Try to fetch an equal number of reviews for each rating, for example if you are fetching
10000 reviews then all ratings 1,2,3,4,5 should be 2000. It will balance our data set.
• Convert all the ratings to their round number, as there are only 5 options for rating i.e., 
1,2,3,4,5. If a rating is 4.5 convert it 5.

Model Building Phase
After collecting the data, you need to build a machine learning model. Before model building do 
all data preprocessing steps involving NLP. Try different models with different hyper parameters 
and select the best model.
Follow the complete life cycle of data science. Include all the steps like1. Data Cleaning
2. Exploratory Data Analysis
3. Data Preprocessing
4. Model Building
5. Model Evaluation
6. Selecting the best model
